Leo Feldman
laf22

Escape from New Pangea
(Real Time Strategy)

Backstory - 
In the year 1,086,025 ACE, a new supercontinent had slowly been formed, *cue epic music*.  
You are one of the last of the homo sapiens sapiens species, and ever since the new continent
slowly drifted together, the homo transcendere have overtaken every political body.
Your objective is to rally the last of humankind, and escape from planet Earth from your
secret base in what used to be called the Gobi desert.  Little did you know, a 
numan (homo transcendere) task force has been dispatched to eradicate what is left of the humans.
It is up to you, commander, to orchestrate an epic departure from Earth.

Level 1 - 
The goal here is to gather 2000 iron ore in order to have the resources to construct the spaceship
and leave Earth.  However, there are numan attack waves incoming, so you must spend some of those
resources just to defend the base.  If you lose your Central Building, you lose the game.  If you get
2000 iron ore, you advance to the next level.

Level 2 - 
Once you and your human crew has launched, the numan supergovernment has been alerted of a human
technological presence.  They now send fighter waves after your spaceship to bring it down.  Use your
cloaking technology and crude weapons wisely in order to escape in 2 minutes.  Once two minutes has
passed, the numans will leave you alone.  If you die before then, you lose.

Basic Mechanics - 
Workers:  In level 1, you need to use worker units to gather the resources.  Those workers can also
build defensive structures, which cost iron ore, albeit less than 2000.

Defensive structures:  Stationary units that can either fire missiles on enemy units, or detect cloaked
enemy units.  Each structure has a range, so you may need to build multiple of these structures to
defend the entire base, or just to fend off greater amounts of enemies.

Enemy Units: Basic guys with laser guns who want to kill you.  They might attack once every second or
so, and they are mobile, attracted to your defensive structures first, then your Central Building.

Project After Earth Spaceship:  Press C to cloak, avoiding all enemy units, but expending spaceship
energy.  Press F to fire a missile, destroying the closest enemy spaceship, however, you only have as
many missiles as defensive structures you build (since you packed those up.)  Survive for 2 minutes.